# Logistic-Regression-and-Decision-Trees
This notebook applies logistic regression and decision trees to a supervised learning classification problem. In this case the models attempt to best classify which bank customers are more likely to take out a personal loan based on their demographics and banking behaviour.
The notebook (Personal_Loan_Campaign_Modelling) was generated for the third project of the Post Graduate Program in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Business Applications from the McCombs School of Business at The University of Texas. The data was provided in a .csv file.
There is a long exploratory data analysis (EDA) at the top of the notebook. These data came as part of a school project, so they did not need extensive conditioning. Some of the variables were then transformed to deal with differences in scale amongst the variables. This was not necessary for the decision tree models but was needed for the logistic regression models.
The logistic regression classification models were run and then attempts at optimization were performed using the ROC curve and precision recall curves.
The notebook then turns to decision trees. It’s my understanding that decision trees alone are not utilized much in industry, however they form the building blocks of some ensemble methods, which are much more heavily utilized. The following school project explored ensemble methods.
The notebook explores post and pre pruning techniques to reduce overfitting in the decision trees. Finally, all models are compared and actionable insights are given.
While this project was done as part of a school project. I believe it indicates the quality of work that I’m capable of in real-world applications. I was the top student in my cohort with a final course weighted average of 99.39%.
